Scala3: remove tasty files (#52)
sbt/sbt-proguard: README.md

Completely custom merge strategies can also be created. See the plugin source
code for how this could be done.

Scala 3
---------------

> Proguard doesn't handle Scala3's tasty files which contain much more information than java's class files. Therefor we need to post-process that proguard output jar and remove all tasty files for classes that have been obfuscated. To find out which classes have been obfuscated, you must configure the `-mappingsfile` option, e.g. via `Proguard / proguardOptions += ProguardOptions.mappingsFile("mappings.txt")`. See the [Scala3 test project](src/sbt-test/proguard/scala3) which is included in the `sbt scripted` tests. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ProGuard doesn't handle Scala 3's TASTy files, which contain much more information than Java's class files. Therefore, we need to post-process the ProGuard output JAR and remove all TASTy files for classes that have been obfuscated. To determine which classes have been obfuscated, you must configure the `-mappingsfile` option, e.g., via `Proguard / proguardOptions += ProguardOptions.mappingsFile("mappings.txt")`. See the [Scala 3 test project](src/sbt-test/proguard/scala3), which is included in the scripted tests.
```

Typo fixes.
